Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1025.0.0 (#4493)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-0-0-asset-instance-and-definitions-api-are-now-generally-available-ctm-2744-2750.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Asset instance and definitions APIs are now generally available"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset Instance API and Definition API are now generally available"
```

> title: "Asset Instance API and Definition API are now generally available"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset Instance API and Definition API generally available"
```

> title: "Asset instance and definitions API are now generally available [CTM-2744] (#2750)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset instance and definitions APIs are now generally available"
```
